c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\ServerSide.dll.config
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\ServerSide.dll
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\ServerSide.pdb
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\obj\Debug\ServerSide.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\obj\Debug\ServerSide.dll
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\obj\Debug\ServerSide.pdb
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\ServerSide.dll.config
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\ServerSide.dll
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\ServerSide.pdb
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\obj\Debug\ServerSide.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\obj\Debug\ServerSide.dll
E:\TaskSpace\C#\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\obj\Debug\ServerSide.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\ServerSide.dll.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\ServerSide.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\ServerSide.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\obj\Debug\ServerSide.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\obj\Debug\ServerSide.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjectTimeManager\ServerSide\obj\Debug\ServerSide.pdb
